Apple account verification under Teams Tab (#529)
bitrise-io/devcenter: _articles/en/code-signing/ios-code-signing/ios-auto-provisioning.md

   * **The Developer Portal team id** - find this on the [Membership Details page of your Apple Developer Portal account](https://developer.apple.com/account/#/membership)
   * **Distribution type** - make sure its value matches the value of the **Select method for export** input in the **Xcode Archive & Export for iOS step**. Read more about archiving and exporting an .ipa in our [Creating a signed .ipa for Xcode](/code-signing/ios-code-signing/create-signed-ipa-for-xcode/) projects guide.
   * **Scheme** - you can restrict which targets to process.

> 8. Make sure your apple develoepr account is connected under Teams Tab even if it is connectes under profile settings 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Make sure your Apple Developer account is connected on the **Teams** tab of your app.

   It is not enough to simply connect the account to your Bitrise account: you need to also connect it to the app itself.
```
